# pwnAD 

A modern, modular and highly extendible framework for complete compromise of Active Directory environments 

It draws heavy inspiration from the likes of 

- bloodhound’s ability to navigate AD environments
- Mythic for it’s modular, declarative and intuitive nature 
- havoc for its BOFs and flexibility 
- 
## Operator Client

Written using Tauri
React 
ShadCN UI
Vite ?
Tailwind CSS

I want it to be simple black and white and talk to the teamserver client APIs 
It is designed to use tor as a transport and have the client endpoints of the api exposed on tor 


## Teamserver

The vast majority of the Teamserver will be written in [Robyn.Tech](https://robyn.tech) the Rust + Python web framework. 

Some things will be written in pure SQLx or Axum, which are the libraries loco is written on. So everything should flow seamlessly 

### Databases

#### Main Database
The central database that acts as a sort of “source of truth” for the overall system will be Postgres I think. Solid choice with a long history of stability. 
We will eventually add smaller, task specific databases. I have some ideas for SurrealDB. But for now, I’m just going to use Postgres 

I want to build it using Loco.rs for rapid development 

We will be adding mail servers 
## Agent & Team Server Communications


The idea is to have communications be extremely minimal when the operator is not actively interacting with the implant. 
- HTTP(s) requests for scheduled communications 
- Websockets are used for real-time communication situations. Like you will be able to request a “shell” which will create a link to an meterpreter style shell that you can connect to using a command similar to ssh? But over websockets. The operator can issue real-time commands over this


When we say it is tailored to AD environments we mean many things such as


## 1. Tailored for Data that is commonly found in AD environments

- can detect & upload NTLM hashes automatically for cracking on the C2


## Using Common Communications on AD environments 
- we use common AD communications to escape the target network before using OpSec safe communications to deliver the data back to the server. 